[Applause]
that's offered thank you for coming I
always appreciate you stopping by here
this is fun man thank you are you are in
tour that like was to really polar
opposites you're doing these dive bars
and these huge stadiums simultaneously
it's fantastic keep you off balance or
is it just the same yeah it's it's it's
it's everything's a dive bar just what
size is it yeah it's so much fun you
know you're right in a way those
stadiums are you know there's not much
bathrooms are both disgusting there's
just no difference it's just loud in
both of them it's fun and I got to tell
you it don't make me pick one over the
other because then we're gonna get into
size matters things I know we're not
supposed to think that but that's right
it does it's pretty cool when you were
just starting out did you play little
bars like that those div' bet you yeah
right a lot different from now though in
what way well then nobody was there
you had one single 90 minutes one single
right so you'd play like three or four
times a night and each time and that act
like is the first time they heard it and
it was so sweet and now you go in there
and thank god they're packed and you've
got a list about this long and they know
everywhere so you start it they finish
it started the next one they finished
that one easiest gig on the plan you
know and did you ever in those early
days like feel like oh no this is a bad
place for me to be in like I might
actually be in danger here oh I yeah
it's a honky-tonk everybody's a danger
right it's why we played this one gig
Ricky I can't wait to get to Oklahoma
Oklahoma cos the seven guys that started
as five of us are still together so they
can all tell you this story finally got
to southern Oklahoma we brought some
buddies down from northern Oklahoma here
comes some where around two or three
songs in the fight starts the whole
Florida starts out look two band members
already in it and then the next thing I
know the whole damn place is burnt it to
think burned on fire the ground yeah
what we can get paid that
it was another day on the tour bad so
you're saying the worst gigs are one the
venue burns down I'm saying the best
kill dive bar also is the name of your
duet with Blake Shelton yes you
mentioned Oklahoma you guys are both
from Oklahoma you guys are both in
relationships with famous female singers
what else anything else in common I mean
you're you're both you know you do the
same thing for a living yeah man if
you're texting him you can always find
him the deer stand always that way
that's where I'm at so he's always a lot
he answers texts from the deer stand
mm-hmm
I guess texting isn't noisy yes so that
would make sense not anyway we released
the video and I still AM hey many of you
watch him what's happening here he goes
no whoop
something wrong I said I'm not something
wrong where are you guys I'm in the deer
stand it's like it's every time he takes
it how did these two huge I mean you are
you guys are both huge forces in music
come together to do the song is it
something you've been working on for a
while now so I do God's Country his
current single you know and I thought he
did great on it and just called him up
yesterday man cuz you could tell he was
he was listening to what he was singing
and that's that's the first thing about
a performer entertainer his sincerity
and just loving God with him he came in
the studio he was great so we just did
it at the CMAs Hey
alright so Kerry and revé are introduced
as two Okies mm-hmm there's me and him
to Okies uh hits me right before they
call our names I go look okey okey okay
he goes yeah yeah I said what's it feel
like to be the weak link in the chain we
both started laughing so hard I missed
the first two line he's the coolest guy
on the planet
you know the Okies are pretty jokey
[Laughter]
thank you yeah he's a nice guy yeah yeah
literally we'll be here all week Guha t7
you've once Entertainer of the Year
seven times who's who's second after you
do you know I have no idea
ya mean I'm a George Strait fan uh-oh I
think George is the only gets everyone
at like in three different decades and
you know he's like he's like the king so
hey you know trying to keep up with the
numbers just lucky that we're still in
it this long the people of I want to ask
you about this box set because it's very
heavy what is in this is it one of your
boots in here or something what's going
on you leave vinyl is back especially
now they're kind of yearning for a
different time but do word your albums
your first album for sure was on vinyl
were the other albums on vinyl knows
Europe kind of mixed together and stuff
but the first one was the only one that
was pure vinyl dressed up but you know
we were all going to CDs it so these are
not vinyl reissues except for the first
one they're issues and on vinyl is the
first time a lot cuz you know that's
when we came out of retirement and it
came back the question which I couldn't
believe was man where they each stuff on
vinyl
I went do you have a record player in
your house yeah yeah everybody does yeah
well it's that's kind of the thing now
it is kind of the thing but not
everybody does I mean you know it's it's
one of those things that requires a lot
of space yeah but I'm telling you right
now forget Garth Brooks is vinyl if
you're gonna be the cool gift giver this
year it's vinyl is that thing turntables
are already sold out mm-hmm and vinyl in
demand if you de told me that 10 years
ago I'd have said you were crazy Yeah
right yeah yes that's nuts man I mean I
don't know what's next 8-track tapes
maybe
[Applause]
why is there an astronaut on the cover
in legacy pledging I love that cover
this is the NASA was so smooth this is
Apollo 14
it's a 50th year the moon of moon
landing uh anniversary so we kind of got
together and this was a joke for the DJ
up and the Northwest said you're gonna
be the first guy to ever play on the
moon I know it so this is this shot I
actually took in Chicago with my own
phone and cut up there and I just I love
that cover did you go to the moon if you
had the opportunity not my thing is it
isn't where you play it's who's waiting
for you when you get there yeah the
people that love country music or love
Garth Brooks stuff I don't care if it's
one or a hundred thousand count me in
yeah but there won't be anyone on the
moon so I'll probably save yourself the
trip what about a new Garth Brooks album
buyer you've been working on one yes
fine supposed to come out this fall but
we were worried these people gonna kind
of collide with each other I say so
it'll come out and that's the one's got
dive bar on it all day long is it done
yes it is it's completely finished it's
fun and what about Chris Gaines what
happened to him is he okay Chris Gaines
is fine we don't let him out
you know if Arnold Schwarzenegger could
be the Terminator again you could
certainly revisit Chris Paul I gotta
tell you man I we can talk about it all
day but never I've been more proud of
any music I've done in that project
right there that that that thinks I love
that's wonderful a little a lot of fun
the first time I met you is a long time
ago really long time ago like 25 years
ago maybe you're in a hotel lobby and
you're wearing a baseball cap and I
thought I actually called my sister I
was like I just saw Garth Brooks in a
baseball cap because you're really known
for wearing this has your black
cowboy hat yeah yeah now I thought it
might be fun and you don't have to do
this if you're not interested but I know
that this is your thing your hat but
I've got some other hats here
I thought might be fun to see what they
look like all right okay so this this is
a you know viking hat all right I'm
gonna pass the one I'm wearing to you
okay all right can i every time all
right all right
okay got it I have a pretty big head got
the biggest head imaginable my head is
being devoured this is backfired all
right okay you pass that over to me
that's that one do it look you look
ridiculous
I like the cowboy hat better okay oh
that's not bad
it matches the ear the gray in your
goatee actually it's not a bad way Delia
all right we got that now oh that's
sweet yes
[Applause]
that's not a bad look for you either I
just I feel smart it's a little bit like
a slash kind of you know all right
well they're your homes I like this one
so what you don't know whether you're
coming or going in this way I'll take
that one from you monopoly guy I know
your wife Trisha does a lot of cooking
oh maybe I thought that was underwear no
all right let's try this does it go very
mad at Siri you know what this might be
the one I stay
there you go but isn't it a little LL
Cool J yeah yeah
LL Cool G you know that's not the one
very gangster yeah
all right well somewhere under these
hats is there it is it's the Legacy
Collection it is available large you
have a a special especial something for
our audience tonight courtesy do what is
that for the audience
well we're very sweet Amazon decided
that everybody here should have one of
these
I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
YouTube videos